What are you doing? How come you don’t know what Tianbaodi is joking about?
Do you think our project is the easiest to get?
Who do you think you are? The project already gave me a red envelope that day.
Have the guts to go to them. No courage.
Get out, I can figure it out.
Are you here for tea? Do you know where this place is?
The land sign of the Sun family in Shangjing is also something you can show in the wild, right?
He really doesn't know how to live or die.
Come here! Let me take care of this guy.
Then throw it out. grandfather,
I just saw with my own eyes the people from the Red Gang entering,
Then let the project's own manpower come down.
Will play the strings under test
How could you do this?
Just come and visit us
The car and I can't live together.
Our lay family can't afford the heat.
After all, I have been your boss for three years.
How could you bear to treat her like this?
Mr. Zhang is sure of the attributes of a member of the Red Gang.
Let the people from the Red Gang let them go.
They look good
Yesterday I was Shen Di’s wife
I want Mr. Zhang to be that trash
Chengren must have the attitude of Chengren
I'll call Zhang Chao immediately